Hi guys everyone who read this note, I'm blueskychan! or known as fusenice, RandomLadyBoyGuy, etc... someone people want to know what happened to me after my status change to 1 day left to fucked up, this maybe long a bit but please read be carefully.

Just know, right now I writing this note with my Samsung Galaxy A23 5G in Friday 29 September 2023

All problem's is happening in this September, let me tell you, 5 September 2023 while I trying fix my laptop weight (all happened because my cheap laptop stand can't stand my 2009 laptop) I try to found way to downgrade laptop weight and while I try to boot up, power panel just touch with IC/montherboard by accident and montherboard got shocked and died... so after it I had no laptop to play or any pc... 

After it happen, I start plan to buy temporary second hand laptop First the price like 1,500+ thb, everything is good like fine but...

I can't remember the day but I hear the news like I got study fund, like 1000 thb, so my budget to buy new laptop is upgrade and my grandfather but not real, I mean he turned to my grandfather after meet with my grandma in too many years ago (not gonna deep) he tell me like he can help me more 1000 thb so now is 3500+ thb and it is too much for but some quad core laptop, I decide to found everyday in Facebook marketplace before 30 Sep, and I found too many good one but......
After I got study fund 1000 thb with family have money issues? They start borrow me a bit, a bit and little bit but I am okay and let they borrow because yea, do not try to force them...

But September 18 is make my 80% of saving money for new laptop is gone... my aunt car battery is running out and it is accident because they need drive to home, SO he borrow me 500 thb, it is Soo much but he refund to me 200 thb, so 300 thb left I think...

After it, I change my plan a bit like my family need to help my laptop budget because yea, too many borrow... but you think they will stop to borrow? No... money issues is money issues, no money, no food, die...

I got borrow again in sep 19, and it time, I start to fucking poor...they keep borrow me everyday + school for school now like 40 thb per day instead of 100 thb per day... so I can't saving my money anymore... and now I know only sep 23 I have only 200 thb left from 1200 THB!!!, 80% of them is gone...

I change my plan to grandfather money like 28% of budget and my family (help) is 72%...

While it time, I found Asus a550vq, the spec is so good and I want it in October, sometimes I crying about borrow money but I still thinking like, this month I may got new laptop.... oh I forget, after old one is broken, i have a Collab part's (crazy error) and I keep him like October so.....

And today... 29 September with 1 day left but my all luck is gone after my grandfather calling to me like schedule time to buy laptop, so I tell to him like okay but I crying, but I can control myself... but after second/last call I start crying but cannot control myself, my anut and grandma come back to home, they found me, they asking me like why crying so I tell them? I can't control..  so they tell like WHY YOU DISASSEMBLE THE LAPTOP ARE WORKING FINE AND BROKEN IT, I keep crying because I already know and I'm wrong but why they tell this, I can't keep it anymore, so after it my grandfather calling to me again and a, he tell me like cool down and try listen all reasons, so he telling me like his has money issues same but yea idk, I understand grandfather and my family but I can't stop because too many things I want to do and access like osu! supporter, Minecraft, vscode and more and I can't do this in my phone... also my family tell me like they can't buy right now so my life is fucked now... they give me something to eat because yea, it time I cannot control my self, I starting fine but I still crying because I cannot play only phones, I'm a child want to programming and customizing but no any pc... so everything is end for me... but I thinking about last plan for wating to it time... also I forget again, he scheduled me to 20-23 October so it is long, so the last plan is...

One of my friend in discord have old laptop and they want reapir charging port, so I have offer to him, is if they let me borrow it like almost month, I will fix it port (from my old laptop) and return with charging cable, right now status is trying confirm so I hope I will got it and fix it and use it for temporary...if you want to know who.... Daniel Rockford, Pannarat Wiriyaarritham so let see I will got or not because I don't have other plan...

What I can do right now, while trying to offer him, I have only my Samsung Galaxy A23 5G with stock and lock bootloader, I have root one but too sucks, sd 425 I cannot play smoothly :/

I start to use termux again, but I dont know what I can do.... so try ask me in discord if you want me to do something to help me to programming xD

I hope I will got new laptop soon, because I don't want to wasted my Collab, osu! supporter and my skills...

Thanks for reading...
If you can't understand like clearly, just join this server and ask me in here... https://discord.gg/dAhTckGAAz

Something maybe won't got explain in this note because my skills to convert Thai to English is too sucks... but ok... bye
